README.md, before:

<h1>LM Frontend</h1>

This repository contains the frontend code for the LM project. Below, I explain step-by-step how to deploy it locally on Windows.

---

<h2>Prerequisites</h2>

Before you begin, make sure you have installed:

- **Node.js** (recommended version: `v22.14.0`)

If you don't have it installed:

1. Download it from the official website: https://nodejs.org/en/
2. During the installation, select the option that says **"Automatically install the necessary tools..."** (this will also install Python and the Build Tools).
  ![Node.js Setup](./public/nodejs-setup.png)
4. Restart your computer after installing.

To verify that everything is installed correctly, open a terminal (PowerShell or CMD) and run:
```bash
node -v
npm -v
```

If the version of each one appears (for example: v22.14.0 for Node and something similar for npm), then you're ready to run the project.
Now run these commands in order inside the project folder:
```bash
npm install --legacy-peer-deps
npm run dev
```

After the last command, a local server will open. Copy and paste the link that appears in the terminal into your browser (usually http://localhost:3000).
And that's it! You should now see the project running in your browser.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<h2>🌐 Cloudflare Tunnel Setup Guide (Headless Server) 🚀<h2>

Provides a step-by-step guide to set up a secure and reliable **Cloudflare Tunnel** on a **Linux-based headless server** (no graphical browser needed). Ideal for remote API access or self-hosted apps!
---

## ⚙️ Requirements

- A **Linux server** (Ubuntu/Debian recommended)
- A **Cloudflare account** with a domain
- Internet access from your server

## 🛠 Step-by-Step Setup

### 1. 📥 Install `cloudflared`
Download and install the latest `cloudflared` binary:
```bash
curl -L https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflared/releases/latest/download/cloudflared-linux-amd64.deb -o cloudflared.deb
```
```bash
sudo dpkg -i cloudflared.deb
```

## 2. 🛡️ Verification
```bash
cloudflared --version
```

### 3. 🔐 Authenticate with Cloudflare
Run the following command to start the login process:
```bash
cloudflared tunnel login
```
You'll see a URL like this in the terminal:
```bash
Please open the following URL and log in with your Cloudflare account:
https://dash.cloudflare.com/argotunnel?callback=eyJhIjoiMTIzNC1hYmNk...
```
📌 Instructions:
Copy the URL from your SSH session.
Paste it into your desktop or mobile browser.
Log in with your Cloudflare account and select your domain.
After successful login, you'll see:
✅ "You have successfully authorized cloudflared"
Your credentials are saved automatically:
```bash
/root/.cloudflared/cert.pem
```

### 4. 🛠 Create the Tunnel
You can now create your tunnel using:
```bash
cloudflared tunnel create lm-api-tunel
```
This generates a Tunnel ID (e.g., fd43ed42-468c-4542-a6fc-53818e7c7cf1) and saves credentials to:
```bash
/root/.cloudflared/<TUNNEL_ID>.json
```
📝 Note: Save the Tunnel ID for the next step.

### 5. 📝 Configure the Tunnel
Create a configuration file to define how the tunnel routes traffic:
```bash
mkdir -p ~/.cloudflared
```
```bash
nano ~/.cloudflared/config.yml
```
Add the following content to config.yml:
```bash
tunnel: <TUNNEL_ID>
credentials-file: /root/.cloudflared/<TUNNEL_ID>.json
ingress:
  - hostname: api.example.com
    service: http://localhost:8000
  - service: http_status:404
```
Replace:
* <TUNNEL_ID> with your Tunnel ID (e.g., fd43ed42-468c-4542-a6fc-53818e7c7cf1).
* api.example.com with your domain.
* http://localhost:8000 with your service’s address (e.g., http://localhost:8080).

### 6. 🚀 Run the Tunnel
Test the tunnel manually:
```bash
cloudflared tunnel run lm-api-tunel
```
If successful, your service is accessible at https://api.example.com.

### 7. ⚙️ Set Up as a System Service
For automatic startup on boot:
```bash
sudo cloudflared service install
```
```bash
sudo systemctl enable cloudflared
```
```bash
sudo systemctl start cloudflared
```
Verify it’s running:
```bash
systemctl status cloudflared
```
Look for: ✅ Active: active (running).

### 🛠 Troubleshooting
* "No ingress rules defined" error: Ensure config.yml exists and contains valid ingress rules. Double-check the file path (~/.cloudflared/config.yml or /etc/cloudflared/config.yml).
* ICMP proxy errors: If you see errors about ping_group_range, you may need to adjust /proc/sys/net/ipv4/ping_group_range or run cloudflared with a user in the correct group.
* Tunnel not accessible: Verify your service (e.g., http://localhost:8000) is running and accessible locally. Check your Cloudflare DNS settings for the hostname.
* Permission issues: Ensure cloudflared has access to the credentials file and configuration.

🎉 Done!
Your service is now securely exposed via Cloudflare Tunnel at https://api.example.com. Enjoy secure, zero-trust access! 🌍

Commit message:

Update README.md clone repository

README.md, after:

<h1>LM Frontend</h1>

This repository contains the frontend code for the LM project. Below, I explain step-by-step how to deploy it locally on Windows.

---

<h2>Prerequisites</h2>

Before you begin, make sure you have installed:

- **Node.js** (recommended version: `v22.14.0`)

If you don't have it installed:

1. Download it from the official website: https://nodejs.org/en/
2. During the installation, select the option that says **"Automatically install the necessary tools..."** (this will also install Python and the Build Tools).
  ![Node.js Setup](./public/nodejs-setup.png)
4. Restart your computer after installing.

To verify that everything is installed correctly, open a terminal (PowerShell or CMD) and run:
```bash
node -v
npm -v
```

If the version of each one appears (for example: v22.14.0 for Node and something similar for npm), then you're ready to run the project.
Now run these commands in order inside the project folder:
```bash
npm install --legacy-peer-deps
npm run dev
```

After the last command, a local server will open. Copy and paste the link that appears in the terminal into your browser (usually http://localhost:3000).
And that's it! You should now see the project running in your browser.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<h2>🌐 Cloudflare Tunnel Setup Guide (Headless Server) 🚀<h2>

Provides a step-by-step guide to set up a secure and reliable **Cloudflare Tunnel** on a **Linux-based headless server** (no graphical browser needed). Ideal for remote API access or self-hosted apps!
---

## ⚙️ Requirements

- A **Linux server** (Ubuntu/Debian recommended)
- A **Cloudflare account** with a domain
- Internet access from your server

## 🛠 Step-by-Step Setup

### 1. 📥 Install `cloudflared`
Download and install the latest `cloudflared` binary:
```bash
curl -L https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflared/releases/latest/download/cloudflared-linux-amd64.deb -o cloudflared.deb
```
```bash
sudo dpkg -i cloudflared.deb
```

## 2. 🛡️ Verification
```bash
cloudflared --version
```

### 3. 🔐 Authenticate with Cloudflare
Run the following command to start the login process:
```bash
cloudflared tunnel login
```
You'll see a URL like this in the terminal:
```bash
Please open the following URL and log in with your Cloudflare account:
https://dash.cloudflare.com/argotunnel?callback=eyJhIjoiMTIzNC1hYmNk...
```
📌 Instructions:
Copy the URL from your SSH session.
Paste it into your desktop or mobile browser.
Log in with your Cloudflare account and select your domain.
After successful login, you'll see:
✅ "You have successfully authorized cloudflared"
Your credentials are saved automatically:
```bash
/root/.cloudflared/cert.pem
```

### 4. 🛠 Create the Tunnel
You can now create your tunnel using:
```bash
cloudflared tunnel create lm-api-tunel
```
This generates a Tunnel ID (e.g., fd43ed42-468c-4542-a6fc-53818e7c7cf1) and saves credentials to:
```bash
/root/.cloudflared/<TUNNEL_ID>.json
```
📝 Note: Save the Tunnel ID for the next step.

### 5. 📝 Configure the Tunnel
Create a configuration file to define how the tunnel routes traffic:
```bash
mkdir -p ~/.cloudflared
```
```bash
nano ~/.cloudflared/config.yml
```
Add the following content to config.yml:
```bash
tunnel: <TUNNEL_ID>
credentials-file: /root/.cloudflared/<TUNNEL_ID>.json
ingress:
  - hostname: api.example.com
    service: http://localhost:8000
  - service: http_status:404
```
Replace:
* <TUNNEL_ID> with your Tunnel ID (e.g., fd44ert42-235a-1359-b43x-53818r7d7sg1).
* api.example.com with your domain.
* http://localhost:8000 with your service’s address (e.g., http://localhost:8080).

### 6. 🚀 Run the Tunnel
Test the tunnel manually:
```bash
cloudflared tunnel run lm-api-tunel
```
If successful, your service is accessible at https://api.example.com.

### 7. ⚙️ Set Up as a System Service
For automatic startup on boot:
```bash
sudo cloudflared service install
```
```bash
sudo systemctl enable cloudflared
```
```bash
sudo systemctl start cloudflared
```
Verify it’s running:
```bash
systemctl status cloudflared
```
Look for: ✅ Active: active (running).

### 🛠 Troubleshooting
* "No ingress rules defined" error: Ensure config.yml exists and contains valid ingress rules. Double-check the file path (~/.cloudflared/config.yml or /etc/cloudflared/config.yml).
* ICMP proxy errors: If you see errors about ping_group_range, you may need to adjust /proc/sys/net/ipv4/ping_group_range or run cloudflared with a user in the correct group.
* Tunnel not accessible: Verify your service (e.g., http://localhost:8000) is running and accessible locally. Check your Cloudflare DNS settings for the hostname.
* Permission issues: Ensure cloudflared has access to the credentials file and configuration.

🎉 Done!
Your service is now securely exposed via Cloudflare Tunnel at https://api.example.com. Enjoy secure, zero-trust access! 🌍

--------------
### 📦 Cloning This Private Repository
Since this repository is private, you'll need a GitHub personal access token (PAT) to clone it.

🔐 Generate a Token
1. Go to https://github.cm/settings/tokens
2. Click "Generate new token (classic)"
3. Select scopes like:
repo (for full control of private repositories)
4. Click "Generate token", then copy the token.

📥 Clone the Repository
Use the following command (replace YOUR_TOKEN and your-username):
```bash
git clone https://YOUR_TOKEN@github.com/your-username/your-repository.git
``
